Q.1 The vendor of the attack target is concerned that news of this attack
    could scare off potential customers; they will make any alteration
    necessary (in software or hardware) to prevent the attack.  Explain the
    options they have, and which one you would recommend.

Answer:
    This attack cannot be carried out against systems that are using Chinese
    Remainder Theorem for Modular Exponentiation. I would suggest changing the
    Square and Multiply algorithm and using CRT instead.

Q.2 Let n denote the number of simulated clock cycles required to execute a
    Montgomery multiplication on the attack target.  Estimate the value of
    n (as accurately as you can) and explain how you did so.

Answer:
    I found my private key 0xD8F45CD47C0CDDE7. Computed the Hamming weight: 36.
    I used {user}.R with the public key from {user}.param and the private key
    I discovered and send 0 to the target. The target returned 51712, the time
    it takes to decrypt 0 using the private key. For each bit of the key the
    target is going to execute a Montgomery Multiplication equivalent to the square
    step and for each bit of the key that is set to one the target is going to
    execute a Montgomery Multiplication equivalent to the multiply step. Using
    the private key I found, the target needs to call the Montgomery Multiplication
    function 100 times (64 bits of the key + 36 bits set to one). The time it takes
    to execute one Montgomery Multiplication is 517 simulated clock cycles.
    (51712 / 100)

Q.7 Numerous factors might produce noise within measurements of execution
    time: based on the given attack target and context, outline at least
    two examples.

Answer:
    Network latency, disk drive access differences or loss of packets across the
    network are all factors that can produce noise.

Q.4 Given that you selected one particular statistical test within your
    implementation of this attack, explain what other options you had. What
    advantages and disadvantages does the option selected have?

Answer:
    I did not use any statistical test. I compare the means of the populations.
    In the paper A Practical Implementation of the Timing Attack, Dhem et al., 1998
    it has been proven that statistical tests are not more efficient than comparing
    the means of the populations.
