Q.1 As a security consultant, you have been working on a prototype of the
    attack target; before the product is deployed, the vendor is willing to
    make any alteration necessary (in software or hardware) to prevent the
    attack.  Explain the options available, and which one you would
    recommend.

Answer:
    Countermeasures:
    - Blinding and masking : Break relation between processed value and power consumption.
    - Leakage reduction : Balance processing of values.
    - Noise introduction
    - Protocol level countermeasures
    - Incorporating randomness: Randomly insert instruction with no effect on the algorithm.
    - Shuffling : The sequence of the 16 S-box lookups of the AES is changed randomly.

    I would recommend Leakage reduction.

Q.2 Your implementation of this attack will target some operation during
    execution of AES.  Identify which operation you target, and explain
    why.  Outline other operation(s) you could have targeted, and why they
    might be a better or worse choice.

Answer:
    Good targets for the Differential Power Analysis Attack are functions which
    are highly non-linear as they facilitate distinguishability of the correct
    key hypothesis.
    Only the first and last rounds can be attacked. This is because the value of
    the plaintext input or ciphertext output need to be known in order to retrieve
    the key.
    An attacker can easily exploit the SubBytes operation of the first or last
    round of AES.
    I used the SubBytes operation in the first round to recover the key.

Q.4 DPA attacks rely on a leakage model; for an Intel 8051, one might
    consider Hamming weight or Hamming distance models for example. Explain
    and justify the choice of model you used (e.g., explain why/how the
    attack target might leak information in this way).

Answer:
    The Hamming Weight Power Model relies on the basic premise that an operation
    will consume an amount of power that is proportional to the number of bits
    switched to one in the processing data. The model can be used when the attacker
    has little knowledge about the target. Differential Power Analysis Attacks using
    the Hamming Weight model are not as efficient as the attacks using the Hamming
    Distance model. However, the HW model requires less knowledge about the target.

    The Hamming Distance Power Model relies on the premise that an operation will
    consume an amount of power that is proportional to the number of transitions
    0 -> 1 and 1 -> 0 made while performing the operation. It assumes that both
    transitions consume an equal amount of power, this is not always the case. The
    HD Power Model is preferred in cases where a change in data can be observed.

    An attacker will use The Hamming Weight Power Model if he does not have access
    to two consecutive states of the sensitive data.

    I decided to use the Hamming Weight Power Model because I do not have access to any
    of the intermediate values of the plaintext as it's being encrypted.


Q.3 Suppose the attack target executes AES in CBC mode rather than ECB. How
    would you alter your attack strategy to cope with this change?

Answer:
    I would use plaintexts < 16 bytes. In this case the only difference to ECB is that
    the plaintext is xored with the IV before entering AES encryption. Because we do not
    know the value of the IV we do not know the input to AES. I would attack the last round
    instead of the first round, using the ciphertext and the final round table lookups. 
